hard/testing_files/README.md, before:

# Testing Grounds

## Purpose
This folder consists of automated tests for hardware related software. It's intended for checking the board's software and caracteristics as its schematics change and its sensors deteriorate.  Some of the current tests involve sensors functionality & integration, handcrafted libraries proper functionality, testing wrappers, testing memory caracteristics and some other hardware related stuff.
The environment was built using the 'arduino-cli' software and aims to be as modular and automated as possible, ensuring the ease of adding/removing tests and executing them with minimal effort through the CLI.

## Structure
This section revolves around the finality of each folder and file within the Testing Grounds.

### The **run_tests.sh** script
This is the core of the testing enviroment. It will automate the compilation and loading of the testing sketches contained in `\tests`. The script can also be used to setup the testing environment and to install libraries listed in `libraries.txt`. 

Format: `run_script.sh PORT [FLAGS]`
 - PORT:
    - Contains the path of the serial port I/O file (EX: `/dev/ttyUSB0`).
 - Flags:
    - `-s` : Will run the enviroment setup routine. Only needs to be used once.
    - `-t` : Defines the maximum amount of seconds each test has to complete.
    - `-l` : Install all libraies contained in the `libraries.txt` file.

### The **tests** folder
This folder will contain the `.ino` testing sketches which will be compiled and loaded onto the board. The sketches do most of the work testing the board's components. To comunicate with the testing script, every test has it's own log. To aprove or fail a test, simply print on of the keywords `Pass` or `Fail` onto the serial port during the sketch's execution.
Note that, uppon printing one of the keywords, the script will stop logging the test and either run the remainning tests or terminate.
- To add/remove tests, simply add/remove a sketch from `/tests`.
- Ensure that the test will print `Pass` or `Fail` on the serial at some point.
- If no keywords are printed in the serial, the script will timeout and consider it a `Fail`.

### The **libraries.txt** file
To compile some tests, libraries may be needed. *If the library is available* for the arduino-cli, the script will take care of installing any libraries which are placed within this file.
- Adding libraries to the environment:
    - Check availability with `arduino-cli lib search library-name`.
    - If found, add the line `library-name@version` to *libraries.txt*.
    - Run `run_script.sh` with the `-l` flag set to install libraries.

### The **logs** folder
In order to comunicate with the script and debugging purposes, every test has it's serial port logged in a `.txt` file int `/logs` which has the same name of the `.ino` sketch which created it. These can be accessed for post analisys of the tests results. Keep in mind that every time a test is executed, it's old log is deleted.

Commit message:

Changed to a bash script instead of shell

hard/testing_files/README.md, after:

# Testing Grounds

## Purpose
This folder consists of automated tests for hardware related software. It's intended for checking the board's software and caracteristics as its schematics change and its sensors deteriorate.  Some of the current tests involve sensors functionality & integration, handcrafted libraries proper functionality, testing wrappers, testing memory caracteristics and some other hardware related stuff.
The environment was built using the 'arduino-cli' software and aims to be as modular and automated as possible, ensuring the ease of adding/removing tests and executing them with minimal effort through the CLI.

## Structure
This section revolves around the finality of each folder and file within the Testing Grounds.

### The **run_tests.sh** script
This is the core of the testing enviroment. It will automate the compilation and loading of the testing sketches contained in `\tests`. The script can also be used to setup the testing environment and to install libraries listed in `libraries.txt`. The bash script must have execution permition to be used.
- Give execution permition to the script with `chmod +x run_tests`
- Execute the script with `./path-to-folde\run_tests`

Format: `run_script.sh [options] serial-port`
 - PORT:
    - Contains the path of the serial port I/O file (EX: `/dev/ttyUSB0`).
 - Flags:
    - `-s` : Will run the enviroment setup routine. Only needs to be used once.
    - `-t` : Defines the maximum amount of seconds each test has to complete.
    - `-l` : Install all libraies contained in the `libraries.txt` file.

### The **tests** folder
This folder will contain the `.ino` testing sketches which will be compiled and loaded onto the board. The sketches do most of the work testing the board's components. To comunicate with the testing script, every test has it's own log. To aprove or fail a test, simply print on of the keywords `Pass` or `Fail` onto the serial port during the sketch's execution.
Note that, uppon printing one of the keywords, the script will stop logging the test and either run the remainning tests or terminate.
- To add/remove tests, simply add/remove a sketch from `/tests`.
- Ensure that the test will print `Pass` or `Fail` on the serial at some point.
- If no keywords are printed in the serial, the script will timeout and consider it a `Fail`.

### The **libraries.txt** file
To compile some tests, libraries may be needed. *If the library is available* for the arduino-cli, the script will take care of installing any libraries which are placed within this file.
- Adding libraries to the environment:
    - Check availability with `arduino-cli lib search library-name`.
    - If found, add the line `library-name@version` to *libraries.txt*.
    - Run `run_script.sh` with the `-l` flag set to install libraries.

### The **logs** folder
In order to comunicate with the script and debugging purposes, every test has it's serial port logged in a `.txt` file int `/logs` which has the same name of the `.ino` sketch which created it. These can be accessed for post analisys of the tests results. Keep in mind that every time a test is executed, it's old log is deleted.
